## First Script:
I've been tasked by my team to create an automated Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) process to extract daily weather forecast and observed weather data(current temprature) and load it into a live report to be used for further analysis by the analytics team. the team wants to use the report to monitor and measure the historical accuracy of temperature forecasts. For each day at noon (local time), i will gather both the actual temperature and the temperature forecasted for noon on the following day for Munich, Germany.
For this project, i'll use the weather data package provided by the open source project [wttr.in](https://github.com/chubin/wttr.in) , a web service that provides weather forecast information in a simple and text-based format.

### Tasks:
i must extract and store the following data every day at noon, local time, for Munich, Germany:

- The actual temperature (in degrees Celsius)
- The forecasted temperature (in degrees Celsius) for the following day at noon.

Here is an example of what the the resulting weather report columns should look like:

 **Year, Month, Day, hour, Current_temp, FC_temp**

 ## Second Script:

Now that i've created an ETL shell script to gather weather data into a report, let's create another script to measure and report the accuracy(error) of the forecasted temperatures against the actuals.\
One key difference between this report and the previous report is that the forecast temperature will now be aligned with the date the forecast is for. As a result, the date will be in the same row as the observed temperature for that date, rather than the previous row on the day that the forecast was made. basically i am going to refactor the previous table and also add a accuracy label(excellent,good, fair, poor) to each forecast meaning i Assign a label to each forecast based on its accuracy:

| Accuracy Range |Accuracy Label|
|-------|-------|
|+/- 1 deg	|     excellent|
+/- 2 deg	|     good|
+/- 3 deg	|    fair|
+/- 4 deg   |    poor|

Rather than scheduling this new script to run periodically, i think of it as a tool i can use to generate the historical forecast accuracy on demand.

## Third Script:
i am going to report weekly statistics of historical forecasting accuracy(min. and max. error of the last week): \
In this part, i will use the historical forecasting accuracy report generated by second script and calculate some basic statistics(min. and max. error) based on the latest week of data. \
the script will print out the minimum and maximum absolute forecasting errors for the last week.





